Improve pull request template (#413)
rticommunity/rticonnextdds-examples: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

:warning: Please, try to follow the template.
:warning: Your pull request title should be short, detailed and understandable for all.
:warning: If your pull request fixes an open issue, please link to the issue.
-->

### Summary

### Details and comments

### Checks

<!-- Change te space between the square brackets to an `x` -->
-   [ ] I have updated the documentation accordingly.
-   [ ] I have read the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/rticommunity/rticonnextdds-examples/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md) document.
<!-- Uncomment bellow if you added a C/C++ example and updated examples/connext_dds/CMakeList.txt 

> -   [ ] I added a new C/C++ example and updated `resources/connext_dds/CMakeList.txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [ ] I added a new C/C++ example and updated `examples/connext_dds/CMakeList.txt`.
```

:warning: Please, try to follow the template.
:warning: Your pull request title should be short, detailed and understandable for all.
:warning: If your pull request fixes an open issue, please link to the issue.
-->

### Summary

### Details and comments

### Checks

<!-- Change te space between the square brackets to an `x` -->
-   [ ] I have updated the documentation accordingly.
-   [ ] I have read the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/rticommunity/rticonnextdds-examples/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md) document.

> <!-- Uncomment bellow if you added a C/C++ example and updated examples/connext_dds/CMakeList.txt -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- Uncomment the bellow bullet if you have added a C/C++ example -->
```

<!--

> -   [ ] I added a new C/C++ example and updated `examples/connext_dds/CMakeList.txt`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   [ ] I have added a new C/C++ example and updated `examples/connext_dds/CMakeList.txt`.
```

<!-- Change te space between the square brackets to an `x` -->
-   [ ] I have updated the documentation accordingly.
-   [ ] I have read the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/rticommunity/rticonnextdds-examples/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md) document.

<!-- Uncomment bellow if you added a C/C++ example and updated examples/connext_dds/CMakeList.txt -->
<!--

> -   [ ] I added a new C/C++ example and updated `examples/connext_dds/CMakeList.txt`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-   [ ] I have added a new C/C++ example and updated `examples/connext_dds/CMakeList.txt` accordingly.
```

-->
<!-- Uncomment bellow if you added a Java example and updated examples/connext_dds/settings.gradle -->
<!--

> -   [ ] I added a new Java example and updated `examples/connext_dds/settings.gradle`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-   [ ] I have added a new Java example and updated `examples/connext_dds/settings.gradle` accordingly.
```
